README.md, before:

![QA](https://img.shields.io/badge/Role-QA%20Tester-blue)
![Automation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Testing-Automation-green)
![Manual](https://img.shields.io/badge/Testing-Manual-orange)
![Cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cypress-E2E-brightgreen)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-JavaScript-yellow)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runtime-Node.js-darkgreen)
# QA Automation & Manual Testing Portfolio – Cypress E2E Login & Dashboard

This repository contains QA Automation testing using Cypress
and manual test case documentation for a React application.

## Tech Stack
- Cypress
- JavaScript
- Node.js

## Manual Test Case
Manual test cases are documented in the following file:
- **React Gallery-Test Cases.pdf**

## Automation Test Coverage
- Login feature (positive & negative scenarios)
- Dashboard access and logout validation

## Prerequisite
Before running the automation tests, make sure the application under test
##is running locally on:
http://localhost:3000

## Example:
- npm start

##How to Run Automation Test
- npm install
- npx cypress open

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity on QA portfolio
Updated README to better describe the QA portfolio.

README.md, after:

![QA](https://img.shields.io/badge/Role-QA%20Tester-blue)
![Automation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Testing-Automation-green)
![Manual](https://img.shields.io/badge/Testing-Manual-orange)
![Cypress](https://img.shields.io/badge/Cypress-E2E-brightgreen)
![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/Code-JavaScript-yellow)
![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Runtime-Node.js-darkgreen)
# QA Automation & Manual Testing Portfolio – Cypress E2E Login & Dashboard

This repository showcases my QA portfolio combining manual test case documentation
and Cypress end-to-end automation testing for login and dashboard features.

## Tech Stack
- Cypress
- JavaScript
- Node.js

## Manual Test Case
Manual test cases are documented in the following file:
- **React Gallery-Test Cases.pdf**

## Automation Test Coverage
- Login feature (positive & negative scenarios)
- Dashboard access and logout validation

## Prerequisite
Before running the automation tests, make sure the application under test
##is running locally on:
http://localhost:3000

## Example:
- npm start

##How to Run Automation Test
- npm install
- npx cypress open
